    https://codepen.io/naahh/pen/gOMWVEJ?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that uses tags that define the content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to mark up text and make it ready to be selected in CSS and JS
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute controls an element; we put it inside of an opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to define the webpage's main title inside the body of the HTML. There should only be one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Img requires a src attribute, and a requires an href attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        Titles, descriptions, and links to javascript, css, and font files. 
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that anchors a spot on the page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        An id can be added to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        One specific id can be used only once.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that groups multiple tags together.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        A class can be added to any element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        One specific class can be used infinitely on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Setting the target attribute to _blank (target="_blank")
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        The alt attribute describes the content of an image for screenreaders and search engine optimization. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        An id can be called with an octothorp (#).
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is a semantic tag that defines one section of a webpage; a div divides the page for styling.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style a webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        By typing the name of the element followed by a space and a pair of curly braces. Example: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used on multiple elements, whereas an id can be used on one element. A class might be used to style, and an id might be used to navigate within the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Classes are selected in CSS with a period (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        This would be selected with the following code: p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent>child selector is used to select all of the child elements within a parent element. This would be useful to style images in a specific section or div.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector selects elements by their state such as clicked or hovered over.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        ALLCAPS= text-transform: uppercase; | lowercase= text-transform: lowercase; | Capitalize= text-transform: Capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* Your comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        It is printed on the line before the cursor. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm; This completely deletes the file instead of sending it to the recycle bin
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Because changes made by different developers can otherwise conflict and break the code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every twenty minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 